To achieve this module familiarisation, you're going to decide which of these supplies and support
you plan to use to help you stick to your ongoing tough cookie self-defense practice to make that practice
a habit and these moves part of your muscle memory.
So first, let's pick what practice supplies you'll be using.
Do you have a good writing pad or platform or app for continuing your brainstorm and review of your
boy?
BackTrack and control tactics, as well as your events, and evaluate options like Google Docs or Evernote
or Microsoft Word, or even a good old fashioned journal.
However, you will keep a record of what you've learned here and what you continue to discover as you
further your practice.
Gather these writing elements together this week, including all the notes you've already written for
the course so far, and then start getting into the habit of reviewing them and adding to them on a
regular basis.
What about your training equipment, your practice pads, clothes and weapons for your defend module
moves?
What did you use when we went over that module?
Do you feel confident you can continue to use these in your ongoing recurring practice?
Well, you have consistent access to the stuff.
Or do you think you might need to replace one of these at some point?
If you think you might go ahead and pick a good backup plan now in terms of the padding you use, make
sure it is something hard and solid, but with a little give so you don't damage your bones as you repeatedly
strike it.
You want to condition your muscles, not your bones, and you want to be able to practice hitting and
getting hit at full force as much as possible in your ongoing training, so you're optimally prepared
to take it, as well as give it.
Understanding what it will feel like and how much you can take is half the battle and being prepared
to stay calm and react strong.
That brings me to your practice support.
Firstly, what training buddy you might be able to recruit if you don't have one already?
If you have anyone possible in mind, approach them this week and get someone on board who will train
with you on going for as long as you both need.
Maybe somebody nearby who's already taking this course or somebody who is also interested in taking
the course with you, or maybe just somebody who lives with you or near you who is willing to hold up
a pad and let you hit it every once in a while?
The other practice support to decide on now are the methods by which you will keep yourself on track
and stick to your practice habit.
I've laid out three categories for this, so I want you to pick one specific way you will implement
each first automated reminders.
What systems do you already use for this?
That would be easy to set up for this purpose.
Go with that easiest option and set up some reminders for yourself this week.
Perhaps the daily alarm on your phone or smartwatch or recurring calendar event or reminder, or perhaps
a simple Post-it note left somewhere you'll see every day like your desk or your bathroom mirror second
incentives.
How can you reward yourself each time you put in a practice pick, one that works best for you and use
it as often as you'd like?
Maybe a tasty treat like a cookie or chocolate or a glass of wine?
Maybe you reward yourself with some pampering, like a soothing bath or massage after a long, tiring
practice sesh.
Whatever your guilty pleasure.
Use it to motivate you.
My guilty pleasure is watching too many TV shows and movies.
If that wasn't already obvious from all the clips in these videos, so I like to incentivize myself
with the reward of each next episode.
Third, social accountability.
How can you recruit others to help you stay motivated and incentivized to keep practicing?
Beyond your training, buddy, of course, we all know that Trixie Mistress peer pressure.
She doesn't always steer us in the right direction, but there is a way to use her powers for good instead
of evil.
And that's telling friends, family, co-workers, mentors.
Anyone who's good opinion matters to you about your self-defense goals and plans as a means of holding
yourself socially accountable.
Once you've told them you'll do something, you're going to feel added pressure to actually do it.
Any one of those people could ask you how it's going at any point, and you'll want to have something
to tell them.
So to activate this part of your plan, I want you to pick three people in your life whose opinion matters
most to you.
The three people you think most likely to understand and care and be inclined to check in on you, go
and talk to each of them this week and tell them about this course and your self-defense goals.
Ask them to check in with you periodically.
Make it extra fun and tell them to just surprise you at random intervals.
Really keep you on your toes.
Your mission, should you choose to accept it, is to continue practicing all of these ABC steps and
moves over and over with your practice, supplies and support you've just identified until they all
become truly instinct.
Until you feel super confident that you can quickly and thoroughly execute each step in order at the
drop of a hat in a split second.
Anytime anything happens, repetition is key.
You'll be able to practice some weeks more than others, and that's OK.
Just keep coming back to it and rewatching these videos whenever you need.
We all have different physical fitness levels and abilities and limitations, so be patient with yourself.
Start off small with what you can comfortably manage in a week and build from there.
Before you know it, you'll be the ultimate unstoppable supreme, tough cookie self-defense warrior
who don't take no crap off and nobody.
Now go forth and train well.
Cookie sign and come back anytime.
This course will be with you always.
May the courts be with you?